Hello Hello Hi, good afternoon, how are you? I'm good, thank you Very well, thank you ma 'am You're speaking to Nomthando and I'm calling from Altitude Business Process Management on behalf of Vodacom, okay? Uh -huh Yes ma 'am So the reason I'm calling you today, Vodacom would love to thank you ma 'am for your support It's highly appreciated So being one of our valid customers, they'd also love for you to benefit ma 'am in one of our newly launched Vodacom family funeral plan which pays up to 50 ,000 So in addition to that, Vodacom will be giving you a smartphone benefit each and every after 24 months which is at the value of 5 % of your cover amount So the funder, it's an optional added benefit So just to find out from you, because we calculate our premium space and age ma 'am Can you ask how old are you this year so we can call you? I'm turning 38 next month You're turning 38 next month So are you currently married ma 'am, do you have any kids? No Oh, alright then So if we do cover you for 10 ,000, give you a smartphone benefit You can contribute only as 729 rands from yourself And then the one for 20 ,000, including the smartphone benefit, it's 116 So you're more than welcome to start with the one that you'll be able to afford and increase it later because up to 50 ,000 rands So based on the premiums that I've mentioned ma 'am, which one do you think will be suitable and affordable for yourself? The 116 The 116 which is parents How many people does it cover? Do I cover? Okay, so our cover, it covers up to 10 family members So it's 6 extended and then 4 parents So it's up to 10 family members Okay Who did you add? Sorry? Who do you have in mind? Who do you want to add? At the moment, it's just me Sorry? Or at the moment it's just you? No, you can add your family members at any time ma 'am It also depends on your relationship as well as their age So we take from 18 years and above years So it's 18 to 64 extended and then for parents it's up to 74 years of age So ma 'am, please kindly note that all our calls are recorded for security purposes so copy and do receive it upon your request So how would you like to receive all your documents? Should it be email or SMS? Email Oh, email is more convenient now So part of the public act, I do need to provide you with information before collecting any of yours So you do qualify for this plan because you are a Vodacom customer and this is where your information has been obtained So the purpose of the call is to market products which may be of interest to you You may contact our customer care anytime to update, access or to object to any processing of your personal information So can you kindly provide me with your email? Your email address? Noabi Abigail at gmail .com Noabi? Moabi M Oh, Moabi, M -O E Okay, and then Abigail E At gmail .com, it doesn't have a number No, at gmail .com, it doesn't have a number Okay, and then all in small caps now, all in small liters, sorry about that Yes Alright, and then your physical address or your postal? 2248 Block B Block B Marble Bunny Marble Bunny Where in Marble Bunny? Unit B Unit B Is it a complex or flat? No It's Block B Oh, and then is it Block B or Unit B or is it both? Yeah, it's both, they are using both Oh, okay, okay, and then the postal code for Marble? 0190 0190 0190 Okay, and then your full names as to your ID What's the first name? Sibuang Sibuang, F -E Yes, S -E B -U Oh, it's B -U E -N -G E -N -G -A Okay, and then your second name? It's Abigail Oh, it's the one on the email, Abigail Oh Okay, and then your surname is also the one on the email, Mwabi Wow Okay, and then the dates that I should select for you, which day of the month do you want to start, this month or next month? Should I make it October or November? November, please Okay, November on which day of the month, because you also have to pick a date, no? On the 30th, last day of the month Oh, last date, so it's going to be the 30th of November Yes All right, and then who do you want to nominate as your beneficiary? You can choose anyone above 18 that you trust in your family now Okay Yes, who will that person be? Komoto Koza Komoto Koza, how are you guys related? She's my niece Oh, your niece Okay, and then, but do you know her date of birth though? Yeah Okay, you can give me a date of birth as well? It's 06 So it's 06? February 1995 Okay, so it's 1995, February under 6, no? Is she only using one name? Is it only Komoto? Catherine Komoto Oh, second name is Catherine, or is Catherine the first name? Catherine is the second name Oh, okay, and then what's her cell phone number? 079 079 329 329 19 19 62 62, okay, so you said her name is Koza, with the ZA, right? Not FA Oh, because it's also a call system, or ZA Okay, you can kindly provide me with your South African ID number 851132 851130, okay 083 083 7083 783, okay And then I just want to break down the premium for you, because there's a benefit involved now, which is the smartphone So for the 20 ,000 rands covered, it's only 96 rands now So the 20 rands, they've added for the smartphone benefit, so that's why in total it becomes 160 But you do choose for yourself whether or not you'd like us to add the smartphone benefit now So based on the breakdown that I suggested for you, Abigail, do you want us to continue with the 116? Or you just want the basic cover, which is 90 rands per month? Or you still want to continue with the 160? So the 160 does come with the smartphone? Yeah, so the 116 is a 20k cover plus the loyalty benefit, which is the smartphone But the 96 rands is just for the basic cover, just the 20 ,000, the 96 rands Oh, okay, the 116, fine Oh, the 116, 16 is still fine? Yeah Okay, not a problem then So your multi -premium will be debited from the 30th of November So which bank are you going to use for your premium selection? Capitec Capitec, is it Ander Savings or Cheque Account, Abigail? Savings Savings Account, okay then, so I am going to use the universal branch code for Capitec, which is 470010 So your initials is SA Moabie, right? SA Moabie Yeah All right then, you can kindly provide Moabie your savings account number from Capitec Bank It's 1 -double -five -one One -five -five -one 768 368 119 So after the 6 -eight is one -nine Yeah, it's double -one -nine Oh, double -one, 119, okay Let me just verify Okay, now it's fine So Abigail, I'm just going to go through a few of your terms and conditions But everything else we're going to send on the email now So what I'm about to read now is compile very quickly So I did mention earlier that all calls are recorded for security purposes, so copy and paste do receive it upon your request, okay? So before we continue, please be advised that I am employed as a representative and I'm working under supervision So my employer, Altitude Business Process Management, PTY LTD, has been mandated by Volcom Labs to sell this policy on their behalf And any once of fee equals to four times the monthly premium And Altitude Business Process Management, PTY LTD, holds professional indemnity insurance and supports the phase -on partner So we do cover still bonds by 12 .5 % of your cover amount The maximum amount is 7 ,500 rands back in case you were to expect a child So please note also that your personal information will at all times be kept confidential in line with the data protection and privacy laws of Africa So by taking up this plan, you can send that Volcom may collect use or otherwise bill with your personal information for the purpose of providing services and products here And then please refer to your policy documents for full description on how we'll purchase your personal information So do you have other, you know, covers that you're currently paying for, Abigail? Or is this the first one you're taking? No, I've cancelled the other one that I had Oh, you cancelled the one that you had? So you've got no active covers at the moment that you're currently paying for? No Alright, not a problem then So our premiums are deducted via debit order and I need to explain to you our deductions First premium will be deducted on the 30th of November Your cover will start as soon as Volcom live collects your first premium successfully Should your first debit order fail, Volcom will send you an SMS advising you that your cover is not commenced and the start date has been moved to the following debit date a month later Volcom will attempt to debit on that date if your premium is not received your policy will not commence So please therefore make sure you have enough money in your account to pay your monthly premium Thank you so much Ms. Mehrabi, we are almost done I'd like to confirm that you have chosen to take out the Volcom funeral plan which is underwritten by Volcom live So this is a long -term insurance policy that does not have a surrender or maturity value So your total premium is 116 per month, it's made up as follows Your basic income is 20 ,000, it's 96 rands and then the loyalty benefit of a smartphone is 20 rands Please keep in mind that this policy and the value added benefits are non -transferable and cannot be exchanged for cash Your application will be sent to Volcom and you will be informed by SMS once your cover is activated Your policy documents will be emailed and sent to you Please note that there is a waiting period of 6 months for date of initial process and a 12 month waiting period for suicide However, accidental date cover will start once your first premium has been collected So you are covered for last if your premiums are paid And then there are also some general exclusions where claims will not be paid So this plan will not pay out if the insured person dies well Participating in a criminal act, civil commotion, insurrection, rise suspicion of power, terrorism, acts of terrorism Consuming excessive amounts of alcohol, intentional annihilation of fumes, intentional and next -gen consumption of poisons, drugs, no coercive medication And let's subscribe by independent medical practitioner and users described Participating in hazardous sports or pursuers listed in the policy terms and conditions And then your detailed terms and conditions which contain full details about the exclusion claims and the complaints purchased are available in your policy documents Please make sure that you read them carefully. If you do not receive them, please contact Volcom live from 0821 7800 So, Abigail, before we conclude, I need to ask you a few questions to ensure that you are happy with your policy Please answer with a clear yes or no yes So the first question is, Ms. Mwabi, do you confirm that you are taking out this policy voluntarily over the phone? Yes And then do you understand everything I've explained? Yes Okay, and then do you understand the cost involved, which is 116 116? Yes, I do understand And then confirm the bank account number you provided is yours and you give Volcom live permission to debit this account from Antipremium It's 1551 368 Okay, so Ms. Mwabi Mm -hmm So I'm asking if you're confirming that the account number is yours and that Volcom can debit for your monthly premiums Oh, okay And they can debit for your monthly premiums, all right then So are you currently working yourself employed? Self employed Oh, you self employed And then on which day of the month do you receive your income? Sorry? On which day of the month, the dates that you receive your income? 26 From the 26th? Yes All right, so not a problem So Ms. Mwabi, your premiums will be then debited to my savings account on the 30th of November Please make sure there are sufficient funds in your account to pay your monthly premiums Banks will charge you for unpaid debit orders Paying your premium every month also ensures you can submit a claim Please also make sure you advise Volcom live for any change in your banking details Failure to do so could result in your premiums not being collected in your coverable labs So if you're not happy with this policy of 30 days to cancel From the time you took out the policy, any premiums collected will be funded to you as long as there was no claim submitted during that period Please note there are no annual increases However, Volcom live will notify and write since 30 days prior to any changes to your premium Please note if you have selected a device benefit You will receive your device benefit each and every after 24 months of your policy being active Valued at 5 % of the sum insured, which is up to 2 ,500 rands For services, claims, queries and complaints, you'll contact us on 082 178 00 So that's our customer key number You are going to receive it on the email and SMS now So once we've activated your cover So, Abigail, everything I needed I've got for now So should you need any further assistance via your cover You can contact us on our customer key number But for now, do remember that you are covered for 20 ,000 Your total premium is 160 Your local benefit you do get to receive it each and every after 24 months of your policy being active The valued 5 % of your cover amount, okay? Thank you so much, ma 'am, for your time Welcome to Volcom live Have a great day So can I ask? Yes, you can Abigail, yes, I'm listening I'm still here So for my first premium, when am I going to be deducted? When am I going to be deducted? So your first premium is going to be deducted on the 10th of November And then the loyalty benefit works as a cash back, right? So it's like your cash back benefit You do get to receive it each and every after 24 months of your policy being active You understand? Yes, so it works as a cash back But instead of cash, you are going to receive your smartphone benefit Okay You understand? Yeah, so in 24 months, they are going to send you the first SMS that your smartphone benefit is due And then you communicate with one of our agents via the custom AK live And then you choose the phone as well as give them the address where they're going to deliver the phone Okay Yes, ma 'am Any more questions? No, it's fine All right Thank you so much Okay, thank you